What nonsense are you talking about?
Now I know it's too late
Chairperson Wu, have I finished my last proposal?
I also hope you will consider it.
Think shit
Bai Yanxue, listen to me
President Wang Shuting's decision is my decision
He wants to cancel the Tongtian incident
Zhongtian cooperation
Then cancel
If I hear you say it again
Bad words from President Wang Shuqing
Your Zhongtian Group
Don't expect to get any contract from Tongtian Pharmacist
Hmph, it's the first time I've seen him calling to scold him
Let's go, President Wang
Don't go don't go
Have something to say
There's nothing to say.
If Zhongtian wants to suspend Zhang Xueyao as president
Then I have to cancel the contract
Oops, it was all a joke just now
Zhang Xueyao is still the president of Zhongtian Group
He was not temporarily suspended
Really really really
Congratulations to Mr. Zhang
OK, now I declare
Cancel the position of Vice President of Bai Tianyu Group
Replaced by supper